Minor ticks and grid lines docs (#3693)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/axes.md

fig.show()
```

#### Adding minor ticks

> You can add minor ticks to an axis by specifying with the `minor` property. This takes a `dict` of properties to apply to minor ticks. 

Reviewer: please add a line here (and in every new example for this release) in italics with "New in v5.8" or similar :)

Author: Done

fig.show()
```

#### Adding minor ticks

_new in 5.8_

> You can add minor ticks to an axis with `minor`. This takes a `dict` of properties to apply to minor ticks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can position and style minor ticks on a Cartesian axis using `minor`. This takes a `dict` of properties to apply to minor ticks. 
```

Author: Added

> You can add minor ticks to an axis with `minor`. This takes a `dict` of properties to apply to minor ticks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can position and style minor ticks on a Cartesian axis using `minor`. This takes a `dict` of properties to apply to minor ticks. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: It includes the following properties: 
`tickmode`, `tickvals`, `tickcolor`, `ticklen`, `tickwidth`, `dtick`, `tick0`, `nticks`, `ticks`,
`showgrid`, `gridcolor`, `griddash` and `gridwidth`.

> 

Reviewer 2: It includes the following properties: 
`tickmode`, `tickvals`, `tickcolor`, `ticklen`, `tickwidth`, `dtick`, `tick0`, `nticks`, `ticks`,
`showgrid`, `gridcolor`, `griddash` and `gridwidth`.

> In the following example, we add minor ticks to the x-axis and then to the y-axis. For the y-axis we add ticks on the outside: `ticks="outside"`. On the x-axis we've specified some additional properties to style the minor ticks, setting the length of the ticks with `ticklen` and the color with `tickcolor`. We've also turned on grid lines for the x-axis minor ticks using `showgrid`.

Reviewer 2: By default ticks if being visible are located *outside*. 
I suggest on the y-axis we demo how they could be placed *inside*.

Author: Good point. I've changed it to inside for the y-axis

> Note: Minor ticks and grid lines are not currently supported on color bars, ternary plots, polar charts, geo plots, or on multi-categorical, log, or 3D axes.

Reviewer 2: `log` is supported. So you could remove it from the list here.

Reviewer 3: But `category` axes also don't support minor.

Reviewer 2: > But `category` axes also don't support minor.

`category` is supported e.g. on [ticklabelposition-5 mock](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/master/test/image/mocks/ticklabelposition-5.json).

Reviewer: That mock doesn't have minors on category axes... ? https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/master/test/image/baselines/ticklabelposition-5.png

Reviewer: I'd be more interested in how this works with `multicategory` ;)

```python
import plotly.express as px
import pandas as pd

df = px.data.tips()
fig = px.scatter(df, x="total_bill", y="tip", color="sex")

> fig.update_xaxes(minor = {"ticklen": 6, "tickcolor": "black", "showgrid": True})

Author: Ah, I wasn't aware. Thanks. Updated it now.

In the following example, we add minor ticks to the x-axis and then to the y-axis. For the y-axis we add ticks on the outside: `minor = {"ticks":"outside"}`. On the x-axis we've spcified some additional properties to style the minor ticks, setting the length of the ticks with `ticklen` and the color with `tickcolor`. We've also turned on grid lines for the x-axis minor ticks using `showgrid`.

> Note: Minor ticks and grid lines are not supported on color bars, ternary plots, polar charts, geo plots, or on multi-categorical, log, or 3D axes.

Reviewer 2: The `log` is actually supported.

Author: Thanks. I'll add in an example

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/blob/64a211ba79d07c37c06bc8183cd342f89bc5d1bd/test/jasmine/tests/axes_test.js#L6610-L6623

Reviewer 2: `Note: Minor ticks and grid lines are not supported on ...` 

to

`Note: At the moment minor ticks and grid lines are not supported on ...`

Reviewer 2: `Note: Minor ticks and grid lines are not supported on ...` 

to

`Note: At the moment minor ticks and grid lines are not supported on ...`

fig.show()
```

_new in 5.8_

> By default grid lines are `solid`. Set the `griddash` property to change this style. In this example we display the x-axis grid lines as `dot`. It can also be set to `dash`, `longdash`, `dashdot`, or `longdashdot`.

Reviewer 2: In addition to those predefined line types, one could use custom values for `griddash` e.g. `"10px"` | more info: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/stroke-dasharray

Author: @archmoj, should it work like this? That throws an error
```fig.update_xaxes(showgrid=True, gridwidth=1, gridcolor='LightPink', griddash='10px')```

Reviewer 2: What is the error message?
Here is a [codepen](https://codepen.io/MojtabaSamimi/pen/KKQdKGL?editors=0010) you could may adapt which also illustrate the case of "monthly period labels with weekly minor ticks".

Author: Created an issue for that https://github.com/plotly/plotly.py/issues/3710

Author: Thanks @archmoj I've added an  example for "monthly period labels with weekly minor ticks".
